Hi within this section where are going to learn about table leaves.
So we're going to create this design.
So this is a table view in which we display collection of data sets.
So we're getting this from an array and we're going to create a landmark book.
OK.
So if you click one of these landmarks it will show you a related image and the name of the landmark.
So this may look so simple to you right now but actually after you learn how to do this you can improve
this any way you want.
Like you can add some descriptions over here like detailed descriptions you can add a map later on when
you know how to do that.
You can add the Taj Mahal country or other information as well.
So this will be a great opportunity for you to learn about table views and learn about how to work with
to screen apps and how to pass data between them how to work with data is in error.
So if you're ready let's get started within the next lecture.